the match between austria and
the broadcaster wdr two teams that actually
more than 50 meters
in addition, the ranking for the four second places
dropped and of course the 4 0 victory again
how big it is there
but doing a good job at the moment
after ten minutes in the race you can see the first race yellow card
does not just happen
the referee serves the toppers
to the customer on a weekly basis
9 keepers injured and I have to have surgery on his knee
that is a sensitive loss of course for the problems
what must pay was in the center
I don't believe the 12 lead win
positive the article
it disappears over his head
nice goal from Easter that no longer match a few days ago in the
rest pity or come thousands made by
takes advantage of the opportunity not let
the rinse
hopeless horse not long after that ambitions are a minute later
who finally drove
raises the stand
has rd sign pointers that are fourteen
it stands with his team the second time
the austrian competition disadvantaged group
great joy for that
the austrian team that so quickly the similar role
Sure that is not allowed because then they will still have some capital
at the end of the first half of the game
was also suspended with a good save from the keeper of Austria
right foot comes from that malika
what here
moderate kick to the debate it will be fine and they hit the ball
are playing out
the housing association hidden for the second time between east on the stroke of rest
The WWF is natural or it is a bit that a backlog is a place
where this is rumored of course from the central defenders
Fortunately, the rest comes out on top 5 or 8
excellent extremely cold-blooded
Well, he likes the second half
leave the field
got for that
loud applause customers
probably the most important man here himself
this is an important rescue
the ball tight
but also takes care of it
that some peace comes now
of the Austrian defense
the coach is didi constantini from the austrian
Since a couple of weeks
the criticism of
still has problem
the routine is good players like lobont contract
the central defender
qualitative
this has nothing to do with the form
a year ago hubert bruls played so well against the netherlands
a nice option for that
wilders are far too high to make something beautiful for the hague
a little touch at every weekend
post rich is so what
rightly ahead with another twenty minutes to go, we have another counterattack
near the Romanians
well defended and progressed with the courage of despair only
he is the first row
to give the last tap
kilian the greeks from the fire the corner
two fists
after a few times
with another good rescue from
investigation
the error itself again in between
straighten it
time is running out for
rowe counts on loss
practically disabled
by the second place
not to think before
I also had it so that I was out of trouble
the last international matches against Germany
here has something
Austrian title to get a good grip on the corner is neatly arranged
With the courage of despair and the German fine we get complaints about not being there
Austria actually become that
didi constantini is satisfied with the austrian team
at least fighting for his last chance
this is the state of affairs